[Verse 1]
My head's up in the sky it's higher than the clouds are
I like to look up at the stars and wonder how far?
From what I hear, about a billion babies are delivered
Everyday and so it's like the planet is a clown car
I know it probably shouldn't work, but we all fit
Like a Micky D's Play Place ball pit.
So look at me! I'm about to jump up in it
And be swimming through syringes like a motherfucking dolphin
I could have an outburst. There's a lot of freaky people
On the planet and it makes me want to crowd surf
Everybody, everywhere dig downwards
That's what we work for. Party at the Earth's core
Don't know where to go to go far
But if I go then I know I should go hard
And if I go and I never come back
Then I'll send a post card and a couple thumb tacks

[Hook]
Said I'm looking...
I'm looking...
I'm looking for energy everywhere
I'm looking...
I'm looking...
I'm looking for energy

[Verse 2]
Teacher said this party started with a loud bang
Well while my ears are ringing I don't hear sound, man
I'm steady looking at the crowd like a proud dad
For coming out instead of clicking on a mouse pad
Steal a bounce-house. Fill it full with helium
Ride it like a blimp. I think that it'd be really fun
To do a triple flip in zero gravity
While puffing on a Philly blunt and shooting stars with a BB gun
Tonight I'm looking at something that I've never seen before
I might even paint graffiti on a meteor
Cause I can reach it, hommie. Veni vidi vici
It's all peachy, got a vision of the future on a Ouija board
Didn't believe it I, though it was CGI
Why don't you decide, if we're computerized?
Assuming you and I - we're alive
And tomorrow is the rapture I wonder what you want to do tonight

[Hook]

I don't wanna. I don't wanna. I don't wanna. I don't wanna
I don't wanna end up as an anybody-everybody
Isn't anybody made of arteries and antibodies?
And you never get to see confetti without getting bloody
If you read ahead, you'd all be surprised
Spoiler alert – we're all going to die
But I'll be hooping in the drive way in the clouds
Shooting fouls with that big orange ball in the sky
When I die. When I say 'well I made it', I'll be way
Celebrated, or remain as as staple
If I stay hella faded, then I'll fade, and my fate will be the same
As the makers of the chains and the labels
Shame people do it for the fame and the cash
Not the flame and the passion. I train through the pain
And I blame every passage as a way to stay fit
Cause an 808 kick is my Gatorade drink