Yes, straight out the Ville and I'm blessed
Never met death, well, at least not yet
Off to the place where they rest on the flowers
Niggas get wetter, like sex in the shower
Dear Lord, what am I here for?
Is it the hoes? Or the money? Or is there more?
I know the world is going to come to an ending
Before it does can finish up my sinning?
I see the devil grinning, as if he was winning
This is the bottom of the ninth inning
I'm coming back like light skinned
What a sad sight, looking at my gas light
Like "Damn man, I just threw 10 in"
Look five dollars won't get you what it use too
And look, love don't mean what it use too
And everybody and their mommas on youtube
Is it just me, or is this unusual?
Don't wanna loose ya', just wanna reach ya'll
So let me slow down, to the beat ya'll
Put the remote down, move your feet dawg
One time for the niggas holding heat ya'll
Keep that tucked, 'fore somebody get hurt
See me, I rather cut catch her body give birth
If you were the last nigga walking on earth
Turn yourself and clap your hands like this was church
Trust the world ain't spinning for to-much longer
My nigga hope you ready, me and you both goners
But in the meantime, homie do what you like
(Just, just) do what you like (Just, just) Hey!
Trust the world ain't spinning for to-much longer
My baby hope you ready, me and you both goners
But in the meantime, shawty do what you like
I say money make the girls go down
They say money make the world go 'round
So my broke niggas, ain't it a shame
If Bill Gates made it rain
Then world goin' drown
Can I get a dollar?
Shawty got a low Impala
Made that ass drop, hydrola', holla!
Know she got a man, and I don't understand
Why he don't grab that bitch by the collar
Follow, look uh
I need my women a little hood
Living in a world where bad means good
That explains why the bad hoes attract 'em
That explains why the bad rappers go platinum
Or gold these days, go DJ
If the world stops spinning like a old DJ
Keep playing, I need a little more time
Pre paying, just a few more dimes
We slaying, keep praying, hoping
2012? You gotta be joking!
Ain't enough time and a nigga trynna' sign
But +The Whole World+ done lost they minds
Look, bombs over Baghdad, bullets in the Ville
This is not a test, this is not a drill
This is all real so before we all kill
Let me get one more feel. Baby!
Yeah, hey
Duck motherfuckers, run for your lives motherfucker
It's Lil Cole nigga. hahaha
The world is coming to an end nigga (It's coming to an end motherfucker, haha)
It's coming to an end trust me
I see it all revelation motherfuckers, all that shit
It's Lil Cole, you know I'm going in straight in to heaven nigga, holla at me
Earthquakes and tsunamis and hurricanes
You meaner than Katrina baby I gotta know your name
Before this thing is over this might be the last song
For the man upstairs put the lights on and shut this party down
