[Verse 1: Troy Ave]
Your boy got it popping like Crisco
Number one independent on the east coast
I rep the streets, I don't do it for the weirdos
I am really with the [?] yo
I been having women and gold around my neck
I'm a hustler, what the fuck do you expect?
Roll with the lex, ride Benz don't roll with the Lex
But y'all push 700's they ain't mold to you yet
Been getting bread so long, is there mold on it yet?
Something like a pimp no ring on my pinky
Full in fur, coming through all minky
Big cuban chains coming through all linky
Shitting on haters, leave you all stinky
Phew!
Said I would leave you blue
Get it, men do what they say
Troy Ave did it
I brought New York back like Earl the Pearl
Now BSB records 'bout to conquer the world

[Verse 2: Detroit Che]
Yo, yo, yo
Last year I was watching it from the couch
I stayed in tune with all my dreams
Haters see me living them out
I'm from Detroit, Michigan, homie, it's the home of the Lions
My homies is dying, rock hoodies during moments of silence
Passionate, practicing activists doper than [?] put a cap in this
Renisha's shooter switched it and said he did it on accident
Rest in peace to Mcbride and Mike brown and Trayvon
They days gone and they was so young and it touched me
Like an iPod but I won't cry
Government they gave us nothing and they say that we don't try
We get robbed like corner stores for justice and I'm so tired
I'm super tired like [?] and Mariah
Put tires around my neck I'm finna start a riot (let's go)
This the book of hip hop [?] illustrate
Don't compare me to Nicki, my titties been deflated
And that wasn't a diss, I swear I look up to that chick
Pretty sweet talking regardless putting these bloggers in coffins
Queen Che

[Verse 3: Dee-1]
Just holla at me if you need that real
And if it's true that words are weapons, Dee packs steel
I did it solo, no aid
But Dee's that ill, I [?]
And thieves that kill can't steal that skill for real
I'm a positive black man, beware in the streets
Don't compare me unless it's to the man America leads
Sit back an reteach [?]
Unashamed coming for they neck, watch your clavicle
They say "Dee, who was your cosign?", mine was God
My watch made out of concrete, times was hard
You's a mental slave dog, why you robbing and stealing
Money don't buy happiness, ask Robin Williams
I'm in the building, I'm probably on that pelligrino
Dolphin that rhymes on my feet, I think I'm Dan Marino
It's Uno, cut the deck, you know he won
Cause New Orleans watching this saying "Go Dee-1!" (yeah)

[Verse 4: Logic]
Allow me to murder this
For anybody that may not have heard of this
It's the L-O-G-I-C I'm repping MD yes y'all know the deal
We keep it real all the time, V's up, that's on my mind
I'm feeling infinite, like Eminem's first album
Speak to the people like Malcolm
Murder your mind in a minute, like the Millenium Falcon
Rip the mic and yeah I know the outcome
Check it, I'm biracial, but couldn't tell by the facial
So everybody swears that his parents wasn't interracial
But if I had dreads, sold drugs and screamed "Fuck the feds!"
Then maybe, just maybe they might give me some street cred
Even though I grew up with that all in my house
Ain't gotta glorify that shit, there's more to talk about, but
Don't get it twisted, I'm far from a mad rapper
If anything I'm the finest of dead president kidnappers
I got so much on my mind but not enough time to mention
Cause I'm ripping and living and striving and killing [?] going and flowing
I'm only spitting this fast cause that's how y'all gonna pay attention
Cause we on TV
See they don't care about what I'm saying, just how I'm saying it
So I gotta spit it fast and make sure that there's no delaying
Yeah, well, but if you're one of the few that want the real and not the lesser
Go to iTunes and cop that Logic album "Under Pressure"
Yeah

[Verse 5: Lil' Mama]
I said don't ask me about no broads, no rap wars
I do this for my Mike Brown brothers that's really at war
Therefore, y'all better close y'alls jaws
When it come to me, cause y'all gonna need raps and goals
I'm the underdog, clear, y'all ain't gotta like me
Gather your best armor bodying me less than likely
I swear on James Brown if you try me
Red Hook Summer like Spike Lee
Bloody gloves, we in the ring like carats
This ain't the first quarter, but I'm balling like it's March Madness
Heh? I got 'em pinched cause I'm lavish
When you're [?] you better hold your bladder
Now what they talking about this MC deficit?
Like I will run up on that stigma put a death to it
Man, realize that I'm the best at this
And I don't gotta wear a dress to be addressing this