

Hey I got a dolla and a dream

But its all a nigga got so its about that green

And im all up in that spot

Hey



Yeah the mental state of a young black genius conflicted

The fast life I done seen on the screen is addictive

Money and clothes I done dreamed about

And all the hoes that I fiend about

Ey tell me am I wrong for visualizing material shit I never had?

Waving gats instead of flags, the American Dream

Why do we cling to the villians?

Knowing they kill 'em

My niggas high enough to swing from the ceiling

Ink from the pen spilling on my notebook

Filled with dreams, this is my hope book

Still the screams from little girls shot and killed fill my head on the daily

At times I question God can you blame me? They can’t tame me!

My voice screech through the street..I'm a beast on em!

Oh no he will not fold, you will not see a crease on him!

He will not slip or lose his grip, they got them cleats on him!

But never will he run unless you call police on him



One time, two times, three times

Sometimes I scrap sometimes Im throwin up the peace sign

Its two sides to a nigga though

I said Its two sides to a nigga yo

Ay look sometimes I'm feeling high

Then I'm feeling low

Lord will I die will I survive let a nigga know

You say you know me but what side did you get to know?

Its two sides to a nigga yo yo yo



Yeah some pussy niggas pulled out on me and my mans

Wasn’t for the pistol we drop em right where he stands

But still we never ran, foolish pride made us stand right there

Not understanding we could lose our life there

And then it hit us, thinking bout the close calls from long distance

Ugh as lil niggas in the Ville we was trippin

Type of nosy ass niggas to watching the fight until its over

They ran when the gats came out, I moved closer

Foolish what was I thinking? wasn’t trying to be cool, its

Just the thrill of the danger get so filled up with anger

When a stranger get to violating

He sleeping on me wide awake, bitch I'll annihilate him

I'm tired of wait on my ticket out this mothafucka

Hope they don’t kill me before I get up out this mothafucka

I gotta go

Now can I be that nigga I thought I was? I gotta know

Will I make it like I thought I would? I gotta blow





Yeah I seen heaven, seen hell

The two faces of the Ville

One side dreams, the other sides real

One side schemes, the other side deals

What the pain brings another mother cry still

Why the fuck am I here God?

That nigga died why the fuck am I still alive?

I feel ashamed cause the good Lord done brought all this success to me

And all I seem to focus on is all this stress on me

Bless homie we breathin

Cold world got me sneezing

Wrote this when I was broke so hey I guess we even

Though it blows fighting demons trying to stop from bustin semen

In an unfamiliar bitch I know my niggas feel this shit

How could I fuck her raw? And I just met the ho

My dick took over it ain't never felt this wet before

Im stressing in my mind but its way to late to stop it

Mate this shit so bad, I had a condom in my pocket

Lets change the topic

Before I go berserk

I’m so alert, riding down 95

Naw I ain't finna to go to work

I’m headed back home ain't staying that long

I’m chasing dreams shawty im paying back loans

I’m paying dues that a nigga paying tax on

Im tryna blow like a nigga playing saxophone

Im playing daddy to another niggas daughter

Don’t worry even Jesus never saw his real father

It don’t bother me at all though

Yeah say it don’t bother me at all

They got me thinking bout my mom though

Man I can't wait to sing this song I be like, I be like



Hey don’t cry hey ohh no

We ain't gotta worry bout the money no more

We ain't gotta worry bout how them bill get paid

We ain't gotta worry how the meals get fed

Hey don’t cry hey ohh no

We ain't gotta worry bout the money no more

We ain't gotta worry bout how them bill get paid

We ain't gotta worry how the meals get fed

Hey Hey Hey
