Lights on, I see your face

She eat me up, she got expensive taste

I see you dreaming, but you still awake

Big slices, that's how you cut the cake

It's cold as hell, I show and tell

Weezy home, our nigga out of jail!

In this "give or take" world I got what it takes

Put you out your misery: Kathy Bates

I'm Young Money, I'm Cash Money

If we could buy time I'd spend my last money

Now I'm spending time, you in the blind

This little light of mine, I'mma let it shine



Bright lights, night lights, headlights, shh

No lights but them infrared lights

Long life, don't like to ask twice

You killing me baby, this the past life



(All of the lights)

Turn up the lights in here, baby

Extra bright, I want y'all to see this

Turn up the lights in here, baby

You know what I need

Want you to see everything

Want you to see all of the lights



Ready, set, go

Go, go, go, go

Go til you can't go no more

I'm ill times ill, dope plus dope

"Westside bitch," quote, unquote

Woah there boy, don't go there ho

If you cross that line I might overload

I swear these lights be talking to me

But I can't read Morse Code

Why every rapper named "Big" got bodied?

But every rapper named "Sean" got money?

Well I guess my chances are 50/50

But my vision is 20/20 so I be counting a hundred 100's

Oh my Allah, Lordy lordy lordy, I took your chick

Now you want beef and I am chuckling like I'm Porky

Cause you spend all day with her spooning

I spend all night with her forking

There's a one-way ticket to Hell and

They want these bullets to book it for me

I'm shitting on every statistic that said I'd be dead or fuckin broke

This is history, your kids' kids' kids' kids' kids gonna book report me

And I think they want to murder me

I'm shining hard, because bitch I'm an emergency







So good, so good, Westside, so hood

I do it.. B. I.... G



Bad decisions, good intentions, man I'm riding

Weezy with me, I just stepped out of the strip club

Made 5000 look like 50

I spend all my time in Houston, smoke that kush but I don't do Whitney

I don't do Britney, I don't do Lindsay

I made $2 million since last Wednesday

And I hate y'all! Y'all got too much free time

Saying I don't drop shit, everything gon be fine

Worrying about your own girl, trying to see if she's mine

Nigga she's with ME when she tells you she needs some "me time"

It's our time, so fuck y'all!

I'm really about to go Spring Break now start taking shots in this muthafucka

And you didn't have all that ass last month girl

What, you get some shots in this muthafucka?

Yeah, we got the Roc in this muthafucka

You thought niggas going pop in this muthafucka?

Young Money, power, respect in this bitch

You would think we got the LOX in this muthafucka

I made mistakes, I made some bread

I even made a way for them to get ahead

To my surprise, nobody replacing me

Take Care and Carter IV it won't be long 'til they can see the lights



And I'm on one, I got one

You a pussy nigga, I'm not one

So call it a night, call it a night

And I run this, so y'all know that

I take the purple and pour that

All in the Sprite, all in the Sprite
