What the fuck do y’all niggas really want?

I went with realness instead

But all the real niggas I know either crazy or dead

Yeah, I dropped the free EP for these other kids to feel a lot

Niggas keep asking on whether this dude’s for real or not

I’m not trying to come hard, I’m trying to come me

That’s why these older songs that I used to make I’d release free

What’s the point of rap if you can’t be yourself, huh?

That’s why I come first like my cell phone

I’m a role model, I am not these other guys

I rap about my dick and talk about what girls is fly

I know it’s dumb, that’s the fucking reason I’m doing it

So why does everyone have a problem with talking stupid shit?

Or is it real shit?

‘Cause sometimes that stupid shit is real shit

Like when you make out with your best friend’s baby sis

You know the one with short hair you used to babysit?

See, that’s not even right

You with a different girl like each and every fucking night

And kiss her while she’s sleeping and sneak out the front to catch a flight

That’s not life, dude

It's just making up for fucks I missed in high school

I keep it wrapped until I meet the right one

’Cause I ain’t Mumford, I ain’t tryin’ to have sons

All I wanted was some more like Ashton

I ain’t the coolest but I know I got passion

I got passion!



I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter

We’ve got all the shine we need to find

I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter

We’ve got all the shine we need to find



“Baby, I’m on the edge.” She said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”

I said, “Baby, I’m on the edge.” She said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”

I said, “Baby, I’m on the edge.” She said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”

I said, “Baby, I’m on edge.” Said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”



Am I serious? I don’t even know

Are you hearing this? This shit is laughable

I ain’t trying, I’m doing, these other rappers are foolish

I got fame, my A&R’s a computer

Is there room in the game for a lame who rhymes?

Who wears short shorts and makes jokes sometimes?

My nigga like, “I’d get you MTV if I could, man

But Pitchfork only likes rappers who crazy or hood, man”

So, I guess we gon' see

I ain’t Curren$y, but if there ain’t money in my name please murder me

Sometimes I feel like I ain't supposed to be here

Sometimes I wake up, I don't want to be here

My mom loved to text me Psalm verses

She don’t look at me like I’m the same person

I used to be the sweet one, but things change

And I don’t want her missing a son like Bon’s last name

And all my uncles alcoholics, shame on me

I drink whiskey till I’m grounded, no TV

I wanna go inside the club with no gold piece

And walk in with No I.D. and no I.D

No matter how far the hood seems

We all still got hood dreams

I always wanted to get picked on the cool team

But alone is exactly how I should be



