[Produced by Willie B]

[Verse 1: Jay Rock]
Everybody focused on this animal
Someone who push the envelope, the remedy the antidote
Mix the Henny and the Coke
Sell the tree and the dope
Rain sleet and the snow, do we sleep? Hell no
Pop a tag and pull up in a Elco
Bag a bitch at Elco, run up in her tailbone
Grindin cuz I sell mo, hotter then that hell boy
Fresher than an altoid, see me in them tabloids
Actin like a damn fool, running from them bad boys
Keep a Will Smithon Wessen
BIG shell out my weapon, hit you like an astroid
Get high wit androids
I'm outta space wit this shit
Pass the L to Elroy. I ain't took a L boy
I ain't never lost nigga. big heat on me blood
Click defrost nigga. Lookin at a boss nigga
Fuck you an yo boss nigga
Iron on me, ever see a hunter play golf nigga?

[Hook:]
Lotta niggas don't wanna see me shine
I break em off one at a time (what, what)
Where you from nigga? (what, what)
All I know is...
(Guns, Drugs, Bitches, Money) [x2]
All I Know is...
(Guns, Drugs, Bitches, Money) [x2]
All I Know is...

[Verse 2: Jay Rock]
Top of the morning while niggas yawnin
I'm in ya bushes when no ones looking I'm on it
Guerilla Warfare, bananas in the regal trunk
Get you cerebral slumped, my shotty is the people's pump
Asthmetic gotta bad habit for bad bitches and black
Fabric, Black on Black Benz that swerve through bad traffic
Bag back. I sip yach and leave hash ashed "Pass that
Nigga, tryna high in this motha fucka" Thats what the homie said
I rolled another one and took that bitch to the head
Yeah. Then made yo bitch gimme head
Didn't take much she off a half a pill in remi red
Yeah. And my eyes rly red, like my flag or the 5 ball Jag
Zoom past like a lightyear. 100 racks thats a light year yeah, yeah

[Hook:]

[Verse 3: Jay Rock]
Breakin' niggas off like a Kit-Kat
If you ain't talking no dollas nigga don't chit chat
I'm in and out the set like I direct
And if I come across a pound of powder I'mma fluoresce
Holla at ya parter of the water got the purest
I ain't talking arrow head we getting dinero here. Yeah
California I'm the Pharaoh Head starin down the barrel
Of a nine if you don't recognize, boy
Get yo' attitude set aside. I gotta team of choppers for you jealous guys
Haters, they don't really want to see me shine
So I hit 'em where it hurts when they see me ride
With two bad bitches with some chinky eyes
After I was in the club wit my heat inside
Jay motherfuckin' Rock never slippin'
I'mma boss, I'm forever pimpin. Motherfucker

[Hook:]