"When I'm in a reno-vative state of mind I'm innovative" -Organized Konfusion, Bring It On



It’s like antisocial

Hazardous portion organically nourished couraged to flourish and musics orphans

Lunged nicotine dream missing languorous

Caution we proclaim till brain’s arch like Sagittarius

Shield. Yield to the eye mescaline killer veals

Stonegates marching moodily until plural styles amalgamated beautifully

Rudely awoke

Sing rubber-glue conglomerates sucking up lung while brushing parasitic critics to my left side

I test glide kamikaze crashed to thoughtless on my preface

The therapeutic unit recommended

Now slow-mo Quasimotos teeter on ringleader status while I spit satellite photos while teetering on the stratus

Sleepwalking the atlas after none. Trudge and nudge my ninety-nine octane brain to one-oh-one

Run to organize my mood like cauterize my wound and climb up

Lovely samaritans line up like bar codes for a fraction of my factions

The hollow of his hand beholds contraptions via

Amplified files collapsed in cacophonic conquest. My specs up

Morph hostille and docile insubordinance your phylum

For a dotta asylum swarmed your coordinates. Rush

Must not sleep, must warn others

I’ll tourniquet your turbulence then trample on your stutters

If I could displace every vagrant in America with traces of my character the Earth would be a more pitiful habitat

With infinite acres of auto-cry eight can aid ya. Swung open the nomenclature to obscure wool-lock trickery. Pure

Has not got tossed back by liquors supporting patience, working knuckles for audio duplication

That’s like fiending for a purpose





Aesop Rock, prototype Robocop

Jabberwocky rocking on the highest hilltop

I possess two siamese styles that’s like connected at the mic hollering monstrous

Poly-tech impede indidgy progress, deaf

Swept off your meridian. It’s operation Start With a Slummy Raped Your Milk and Honey

Can I like, conjure up like all potent components of like

Middle siblings scribbling on his lonesome like

Hit him with my ninety-nine metal plated mics upon the wall, take them down, pass them round, rock them all. Bust it

I’m forever building my City of Lost Children ripping rungs off your ladder at a

Sardonic smirk. Ebonics lurking where the crop circles got stamped out from the rain dance

Tsunami rain blast lift off like origami cranes and sloppy braincasted class-a-piece mastered to capture your flag then flutter

While slaves defy water, start roofing paper bags

The magic-maker dragging devils to add triple sixes melted triple glitches on your console

I calibrate my mics prior to claimin' shit is rockable

Unlock and pull a backdoor for the bounce

While cannily panicking was the average. I broadcast modern boredom mesozoic poetry pupils

Caught up in scruples from the inimical nature of my program

Elegant, the overcast password cursed on a tactless bastard, catatonic until personal practice mastered



