Radio? Check, check
Video? Check, check
This is how the city folk and mole-people connect
Somebody warped the message prior to passin it to the next
Now the perforated counties making you upset

Harvest all Brand-X Clark Kents to worm food
Carbon heart buried his nozzle in fossil marker art
Pardon, cadaver had a legitimate pulse
And littered volts all over the village where the skittish pigeons molt
Bastard polter gasps when the pigeon with Lazarus billy-goat whiskers
He roasted sea-salt in the open blisters
But blind anarchy slips through the cracks
See naked martyrs with Bubblelicious on fishing rods itching to pull it back
When that organic invention incubated to hatch some comply to making fructose on paper now
Apply the details later and the clues will taper out
Unruley mayor souse, who piggy jammy happy shooting at the bladed mouth
Bazooka Tooth zoo-keep the paper route with janky funds and favors
Cradled by twelve empty Zelda heart containers
Man, it's freezing in this brick bitch, winter forever
Like Punxatawny Phil found with his four furry wrists severed
I walk face-first through the sex, drugs, and church
With wild things that make Maurice Sendak question his early works
But no hostages, no promises
Out to clock corporate cogs and sprockets
Not clogs, all grommets
Running from a rabid ring-wraith click basilisk
Serpentine, in and out of traffic jam and murder scenes
Scrub blood of the AF1s 52 Pick-up first degrees
Some toddlers smuggled tommy guns and crack into the nurseries
Dog, there's a fucking baby at the door asking for wallets
And those ain't twin Beanie Babies inside his pockets
2010's sonograms showed the magnum formed directly out the fetus
Evolution for the young killer convenience

Radio? Check, check
Video? Check, check
This is how the city folk and mole-people connect
Somebody warped the message prior to passin it to the next
Now the perforated counties making you upset

Magazine? Check, check
Paper route? Check, check
This is how the hermitted and busy bee connect
Somebody's losing track and their flesh and blood's in arrest
Polka-dotted landscapes, what did you expect

Now adays, even the babies got guns
Diaper snipers having clocktower fun
Misplace the bottle, might catch a bad one
Have a mid-life crisis when you're ten years young

If this Jesus piece around your neck is bigger than your pistol
It makes homicide okie-dokie and your god will forgive you
Just show the saints at Heaven's gate
You should be on the list
I hear he overlooks manslaughter for a tattooed crucifix
Twisty, fishy, contradicty, wild animal ship fleet
Off the sliding board dock of the Mr. Turtle pool mom bought
Somewhere they laminate dry bones in cool water and ease medulla
After you thumb suck and diaper change, get burped and shoot the school up
I'd duel too, but only to exploit no-brainers
Teenager beef passed alligator teeth and extra-curricular flagpole scrapping
Amongst tadpoles it happens
Yellow backbone de-mechanism brought airborne shrapnel scraps to hassle captains
By the itchy index of an umbilically garbed fraggle baby
Fragile maybe, you think?
Chopped shopin a mislead, maladjustee trustee locked box
Hiding clips that light the sky in seconds
Like fuel and communal hop-scotch gives them leverage
Cuddle with mortars while I mumble
In the immortal slang of mushmouth for the anti-led Nirvana
I used to think I'd get hit by a bus or something Dumb and Dumber
Now the bus is slugs plugged by the newest kiddie thug wonder
Suffixed to kings, he rebel, wide pride dosage
For tomorrow the holsters are bound to outnumber the roaches
I'm not a coach
But that'll even jolt the immobile
When global terrorism's all the rage, your folk get smoked local
Block, if you need me (Yeah?)
I had to bounce to D.C. (Yeah?)
To bullet-proof mom's flower garden before the war cheats me (Yeah?)
If I'm not back in a week tell the crew I said peace and lay low
Strays don't vacate slow

Radio? Check, check
Video? Check, check
This is how the city folk and mole-people connect
Somebody warped the message prior to passin it to the next
Now the perforated counties making you upset

Magazine? Check, check
Newsflash! Check, check
This is how the hermitted and busy bee connect
Somebody's losing track and their flesh and blood's in arrest
Polka-dotted landscapes, what did you expect

Now adays, even the babies got guns
Diaper snipers having clocktower fun
Misplace the bottle, might catch a bad one
Have a mid-life crisis when you're ten years young

Aboard the battleship
Grey
Sky
The day
I
Got the phone call
Jam Master Jay died
So no, I'll probably never write another Daylight
Because the stingers tend to cling more than the portable hay-rides
It adds it up when a pioneer fall
In comparison to your ninety-nine bottle of beer wall
There's banana peels in your hamster wheels
Hand-cannons in your shoe box
Please
Mine's got Adidas
Rest in peace