These wings have seen things most men would melt apart from
It's like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
All my drunk destiny pushed was one radio flyer chock-full of halo parts
Ringin this chime like, "Man, I could fix your broken shine
We're all Saints swept serpentine 'round charcoal tomorrow
Bunk holiday damned. Easy now, brother, I'm here ...
I'm here, I'm now, then and there.  I'm, we?  Us?  Them?  It?
I'm sorry, I'm ...
God, this final extension's beautiful but, friend, I don't deserve it
I beg of you sweet Father please detach my chest's polar lining
I can't handle asymmetry
And if it means my grand finale don't tally the votes
Finish me, dormant, with torture-machine silencer-piece
Positioned where eyelids will reach R.E.M. well before I'm torn
I've never asked for much (Never) never felt golden-benefit worthy
I gots what I gots and what I don't gots don't concern me
I'm no model, I never aspired to be Velociraptor fossil
Man, there wasn't no arrangement
Man, I never had a say in this
I wanna be the normalcy that normalcy was jealous of
No shimmer, no celestial flight mid-winter
Enter me now
See through Cretin low-life iris
(Uh, I, I'm, I'm not, I'm not ready) I'm not ready for all this business that for some reason you all refer to as a privilege
Uh, take a look at me, my feathers drag, this harp plays out of tune
I fly about as straight as a blind tugboat through my legacy
I accidentally killed cupid with his own weaponry
And man that was my homie
Talk about not cut out for these pristine pearly robings
What could I possibly have done? You really want me to steer child populace back on beaten path?
Oh god, like teachin morals!
I can't be a part of something I ain't soaking my feet in, man
I'm from the dungeon So from here on out it's hark the herald nothing
Listen, I quit.  That's it
But for the life of me, one thing has plagued my being from the get-go
Why place these most blessed and sacred honors upon an alley cat like this
I just don't get it
Oh... my god, it just dawned on me... wait a second, oh... god...

[2x]
You have been a witness
You have seen the days when
I applied lies in a billion different ways, and now I harbor bad karma
Doomed to cope with the fact I dodged the ring but gotta show these cats the ropes


Bad karma
Please leave these little wings to erode
Please leave this little halo to a child with a lighter load
I'mma hold this tight like a life lesson told through a mic