Listen, I can make the Devil say Jesus

Got a crew full of leaders

So far ahead of y'all the sun sets between us

That could make you upset, you live beneath the sunset

Boy, I'm so fire, I could prob'ly make the sun sweat

Preme won't hit me back (?) I'm still runnin'

Drop me in the jungle watch me come out with a full stomach

Beats on the menu, sit me at the dinner table

Eat so many rappers I could shit out a record label

(?) ain't really the place to slang on

They gon' let the bullets tackle you like you got pads on

Rap circles 'round you niggas so fast I could start a sandstorm

Fall out the sky, and a star is what I land on

Ironically I'm cold as ever, hotter then a solar flare

If y'all cool...I guess that makes me a polar bear

You dont want (?) trust me no (?) for trying

Homie I was (?) kitty litter (?)

Everybodys swagged out, but you look like a bum, dummy

Yo my swag can take yo swag's lunch money



It's been a long day, I went home an drank some bombay

Got my old girl tryna make-up, like stronjay

I'm just tryna get to a mil, I'm chasin' Andres

Stravin' artist, I'm rubbin' my belly like Beyonce

Crew move ways, press O's no latte(??)

And made three thousands like the madre of Andre

"You ain't like them other dudes", that's what my mom say

I was the crazy one in that group, DeVante

Do it the Don way, gettin' chips like picante

Rippin it down the parkway listenin the the (?)

I dont spit it I just kick it like conmatae(?)

Now they tryna put me in rings like a fiance

Square in the circle, don't call me Urkel

The Kid With the Green Backpack will leave you purple

So lets keep it verbal

Cause maybe not me but my entourage do keep shells, no turtle

Wichita, Kansas, yep that what he rep

On your B-E-T T-V sets, they need X

Cause I'm like a T-rex

Yo girl like a t-shirt

Cause everytime I step out she tryna give V-neck

Vizzy!



I'm a rock in a hard place

Surrounded by smiles and they all fake

Show be the best, watch me still outshine(?)

Like the po-po did P Diddy in 99

You dont feel me, you fear me, thats the bottom line

I'm out my mind

I set up shop at the Promanade

Whoa, it's been a long time coming

I Guess I got the stamina for this rap and yo woman

My life is like chess the watchin my every move

Class in session, Jay take 'em to school

Spittin on tracks, nah (?) I (?)

Like a short yellow bus, big helmets and twos

I'm an animal, and this rap game is a zoo

Thought they were 'lympians, until they came to Zeus

Guess its in my genes, 'member (?)

Straight dope talkin right on B-E-T too

Rock!



Im usually on some first name basis

But dudes mess my name up so much I wanna change it

A wise man told me to live what my mama gave me

A chance to see life outside of a lady

Yeah, we was born Kings, before I ever wrote it

History never written, If I ain't ever quote it

Your blog ain't ish, if I ain't ever post it

87 dreams on your baby girl tell em post it

I let a chick blow me down til she brain dead

Just to give her a lil taste of what fame is

Fly city to Illadel Im famous

Gilbere Forte tatted on the anus

Brought a chick on my right out stay whipping a Supra

Never watch the level (?)

You tryna touch the sky, I been sexin the clouds

You could die and go to heaven to see me once in a while

Wow
