[Intro: OffSet and Quavo]
Prr, Prr, Prrrrrr
Fuck wrong with this whore man (Hello?)
Keep callin' the motherfucking phone man (Hello?)
Migos (Loving this bitch)
Loving this bitch (Hello?)
Go (Prrrrrr)
Prr, Prr, Prrrrrr (Hello? Who it is)

[Hook: Mally Mall, OffSet and Quavo]
Bitch get off my line (Get off)
Bitch get off my line (Get the fuck off my line)
Bitch get off my line (Ahhh)
Bitch get off my line (Prrrrrr)
No you can’t have my number (Noooo)
No you can’t have my time (Hello?)
I’m just tryin’ to do me (Meeee)
She just tryin’ to do mine (Loving this bitch) x2

[Verse 1: OffSet]
OffSet (Go)
She hittin' my line (Prrrrrr)
Asking me how am I doing, I’m fine (Good!)
Dickin’ her down got it all on her spine (Spine)
All on my camera do it for the vine (Do it for the vine)
Good brain call her Einstein, (Ugh!)
If she lookin at me like a gold mine (Gold!)
Won't give her a dime girl you wasting your time (Noo!)
She say that she loving me, little bitch you lyin' (Lil bitch you lyin')
Molly, Molly here with me (Mally Mall)
Lions tigers even chimpanzees (Rawr)
The stuff we step in, Alligator my feet (Alligator)
All these bitches bother me like a flee (Get away!)
Stuff a dick in her mouth told that bitch have a feast (Yeah!)
When she walk in that mansion look like you in green (Ho!)
She playin for pussy, your bitch give it free (Ugh!)
She callin and telling she miss me (Prr)
Hittin' my line quit botherin' me (Prrrrrr)

[Hook: Mally Mall, OffSet and Quavo]

[Verse 2: Quavo]
Quavo (Hello?)
Get the fuck off my line girl, you’re not a dime
Don’t you see me in the kitchen, water whippin, choppin' chicken, circumcise!
I know that she diggin' my flavor!
Momma said she chasin' after my paper!
She callin' my phone she get hung up on!
Cuz I’m taking them trips round the globe like equator!
Lil bitty bitch, she keep bugging me?
No I’m not kissing, but she keep on hugging me
It’s a hundred and one bitches
I feel like Cruella, dalmatians, get off of me
She a dog, alley cat, a neck neck
Quavo just wanna hit from the back
I pull up, they asking me
What is that?
It’s an unidentified object!


[Hook: Mally Mall, OffSet and Quavo]

[Verse 3: TakeOff]
Young Rich Nigga, yes I’m hard to find
Your bitch calling, get the fuck off of my line
VVS's in my breitling bezels, spilling baking soda on my Maison Margeilas
This bitch said she want some Guiseppe steppers
All white meat, Frank Lucas, Chinchilla
Dropping tops on my coups in the winter
No limit money nigga independent
Bitches is trippin' thinkin' they gonna catch me slippin
Go hard on her feelings, she diggin' my pimpin'
Christian my Luois Vuittons, F/N on me ain’t talkin' bout Fendi
Different colored diamonds, Mardi Gras
I pull up in the Bentley with Mally Mall
Two bad bitches with no panties on
Just touched down on the jet from Hong Kong

[Hook: Mally Mall, OffSet and Quavo]