Man, have you ever really wondered
Like why are we here? What the meanin to all of this?

[Hook: Big Boi]
Sometimes life can keep you down, with your face all in the dirt
(HALL-LE-LU-JAH)
Now if you feel that left behind, need to get up and go to church
(HALL-LE-LU-JAH)
Ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh
(HALL-LE-LU-JAH)
Ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh..
(HALL-LE, LU-JAH)

[Verse One: Big Boi]
Big, slide into the mode, time to drop a load
My life is goin downhill like some cardboard in the snow
My bank account is frozen, I
Don't think that I can get out this hole
Feel like the figure four leglock
Like the jury went away and then they came back deadlocked
I can't move, I can't eat, I can't even breathe
Can't even buy a decent sack without the stems and the seeds
No trees, no P's to ease the stress of everyday livin
But homeless people gotta suck it up wherever they livin
The unforgiven or the unwillin, live a life of sinnin
And expect to be as pure as an infant in the beginnin

[Interlude]
But what about repentance?
What about the tension?
What about you eating dinner in the devil's kitchen?
But what about repentance?
What about committing the same sin
Over and over again and again and ah..

[Hook - singers]
Why are we here? Huh? Huh? Huh?
Please tell me - what are we here foooooooorrrrrrrrrr?
OW!

[Verse Two: Big Boi]
Life, is nothin but a dream, so peaceful and serene
Unless you're bein evil then you on the devil's team
Well I receive what you want to believe
But soon you'll have to sew those bad seeds
Please, any man can ask, to get a pass
Or a cleansing of sin to grant another chance
Perhaps another glance of the light at the end of the tunnel
Talk to the coach or break out the huddle
Whatever should you fumble your rebuttal should be subtle
Cause he who lives in the upper room is never gullible
As you survey the syllables and sentences
The question that I'm merely tryin to pose is as simple as me sayin

[Interlude]

[Hook] (minus HALL-LE-LU-JAH singers)

[Hook]

(ad libs to the end)