Yeah my dogs keep, yeah my dogs keep rollin' always with it

And you know my homies got a bad bitch or two with me

Sittin' in the motherfucking passenger seat

Plus she got a fucking seatbelt on

She tryna be safe up in the whip

I tell her let me cum and rub her clit

She said she want me suckin' her tits

I told her come and lick this dick

Play me, what you tryin' to do

Yeah, you know I'm with that crew

Savemoney, Pro Era, yeah you know, this how we do

And I always stack my paper up

Bitches said they want a cup of that gin and juice

You know I'm just tryin' to do whatever you do

Every time I'm chillin' with the newest niggas flew

And you know I spit that sick shit like I got the flu-u



And I keep it true, true

Can I keep it true, true (x5)

Chillin' with a bad bitch

Hopin' that she feelin' villain

All up in my crib

And I'm rollin', now she chillin', chillin'

? and then I know that she wit' it, wit' it

She said send me, gimme, gimme dick and you can get it

And she 'bout to give it, give it

Yeah, she fuckin' love it, love it

I don't really give a fuck

Fuckin' hoes in public, public

Now I change the subject

Now I change the subject

? until I kick the bucket



And I'mma get gab, so you know that I be thuggin'

I'll be cuttin' in the line, but you know I'm budget

I'll be gettin' cash and you know that I be thuggin'

Rappin' with my cousin

Niggas know they love it



Bitches give me temptation

Call me David Ruffin

Niggas this talkin' clothes

My shits ain't even gotta ruffle

Niggas got a chip on they shoulder get it ruffled

Got a Louis bag, and a wallet and a duffel

Niggas talking crazy I be talking hella wavy

Got these bitches on me man these bitches bitches probably pay me

Niggas call me Purp

Bitches call me Purp (x3)



I wrote this shit two minutes from now

And the benefits now

You know what I'm saying? I'm handling business now

This shit rhymes in my head

I be ripping off the dimes with a thread

And a needle while I sew it up

I'm so cold, enough to get frozen up

In a bowl of soup that's a bowl enough

You ever had Ebola virus?

I like Miley Cyrus

And black bitches that talk like they white white kids

I don't even like white kids

I just let 'em shoot video though

And all the time I be silly with hoes

And you know I be switching up the ?

Silly with bros from my high school

Been doing shit you know how I do

Had to do it the same, don't like you

In the back of a muthafucking barbecue

That shit crazy though, that shit crazy though

We been rapping and shit since we was babies though

And my voice gettin kinda crazy though

So I'mma pass it off to that nigga Tokyo



You never did it before

Shawty throw it at me and she got that cinnamon roll

You on some new shit, illiterate though

These niggas is illegitimate though

I could be your father, you could be a bastard

Baby you the one I'm coming after

Rap faster, really quick, get a laughter

Nigga this ain't written, know that I be gassin'

Gassin' like petrol' and Exelon

I'm upper like echelon

Proper to downer, when I'm up in an hour

I've been smoking too much green thick for an hour

Pass out when I pass out, cash out

Like I'm cashing out, I'm passing out

I've been bad and now... Abandon out

Let me get a band it out for Brandon now

?

And niggas be talking until the bands come out

But then "BLAM"s come out and "BAM"s come out

And they be sleeping, laying in the grave when they tweaking

Talking off they neck, you know that they be creeping



Bitches try to come and get my fucking dough

I've always been a pro

I got so many hoes

I got them on my line man and they always call my phone

I'm like baby girl I'm at the telly I ain't home

So don't try to call my mom like "Where's Cy at?"

I always got to come through with the newest fly hat

My hair real braided

Your bitch says she want to come and get real faded

So we drinking on the thick shit



Faded, Back in high school they tried to flame me

From the fifth graded

But I stay graded cause I'm smoking on the home grown

Remember when bitches used to be blowing up my home phone

That was back in the day, my moms would answer

But these days, got on the raps, I'm sicker than cancer

I'm the answer like Iverson when I'm coming through ?

I'm the livest one like, I live strong but they lying son like



I'm the problem like McGrady

If it wasn't for my ? this shit would've been gravy

That was metaphorical, keep it mesophysical

I lost my voice up in your bitch I'm Malcolm in the Middle fool

Niggas couldn't see with me I'm never seeing syllables

Niggas got residuals but thats just off of principle

In general, niggas know ...uh



? Cocaine, I could make it snow rain

I could take the dope game, 8 minutes? Whole thing

Yup I flipped the shit right, yall niggas came back

Motherfuckers kick dice

Motherfuckers kick this shit, kick it like you kick vice

Motherfuckers don't do it twice

I keep this realest off the top with ?

Motherfuckers need to pass it



Good bro, Rogaine, ? Pro pain

Thats good fire, propane

Niggas talking about hot freeze

I be talking 'bout low mane

I be out in Tokyo, chilling with hoes from Tokyo

With my nigga Tokyo, this freestyle, that noise bro

Same money that ?

There Heroine, I know its dope

That crack rock, that's no insult

?

Let that nigga know it though

No, No it don't

They call me ?

You smoking on the Joey Purp you know my nigga Joey doe

Spit that fire, spit that fire, niggas yelling ?

At the same year, my niggas was hella shouting

Smoking on some shit that was grown in the Rocky Mounties

I be off the top nigga spouting
