

These people call me Kartoon Emperor

I'm so ? I can't hug a girl without ? in her

Holla at her Mama at her Cousin at her Friend and then

I get in her guts and now I'm dipping in the wind





Straight with the homies

Say that I'm an OG, they pulling chicks in the mall rocking gold teeth

I only cause war cause my mind carry no peace

I'm from the mid-west but they saying that my flow east

My whole team coming through watch these niggas hope cease

I want my shit swiss but I'm steady eating gold cheese

Niggas think they getting Chza beats for a low fee

That's not finna' happen nigga even on the low-key

These people always jumping in my face like they know me

They never even seen me but they analyze me closely

People think they chick is bad but they eating roast beef

No gold piece no ? say I hold steez

Coke flow never row boats I'ma broke beast

Hold it in never blow smoke like a dope fiend

Ocho loco watch the gold rope swing

Big headed niggas getting serve I'ma choke ?

For the black stereo-type I am elusive

A ? dipped a hella nice swag call it cool whip

Who's this young nigga tripping on this DOOM tip

New kid jellin' we the niggas with the juice

And if you think you got it that's an illusion

Super confusion new slips and booze, tits

Niggas drop bombs (quotations) we defuse them

And leave 'em on the ground (floatation) then we zooming





These people call me Kartoon Emperor

I'm so ? I can't hug a girl without ? in her

Holla at her Mama at her Cousin at her Friend and then

I get in her guts and now I'm dipping in the wind



Risk it, duel wielding biscuits

If you try to give my niggas bricks they gon' flip 'em like

Ninjas on a mission agility of a flick knife

Moms told me never to hit a ? if her ?

Silence like try listening on the wrist slice

On another ? you offend so it's trip time

Crispier than doing a kick-flip down a ten flight

Master of the darkness niggas call me sen-sei

(Oh you think you cool now Chester?)

Nigga never that

I know I'm not the bomb

But I also know that I'm never wack

Sketch the leather feather levitating then I severe tracks

Racks on the table that heaven gates ain't a measured fact





These people call me Kartoon Emperor

I'm so ? I can't hug a girl without ? in her

Holla at her Mama at her Cousin at her Friend and then

I get in her guts and now I'm dipping in the wind
